Mr Modi's party also won the Chandigarh seat; the Congress held this for three terms previously, with Pawan Kumar Bansal winning in 1999, 2004, and 2009.
Mr Gandhi has spoken to Shiv Sena (UBT) boss Uddhav Thackeray to complete talks in Maharashtra and Ms Gandhi Vadra ensured the deal with Akhilesh Yadav was struck.
The Centre today acknowledged that some Indians are entangled in Russia's ongoing war with Ukraine.
Yesterday, reports emerged that dozens of Indians were allegedly duped into military service in Russia.
Imran, Sufiyan's brother, revealed the deceptive tactics employed by agents associated with Faisal Khan, who runs a YouTube channel named 'Baba Vlogs'.
With nine Indian men reportedly within the Ukrainian borders, facing danger and injuries, the distressed families seek help from the Centre.
Mr Owaisi formally wrote to External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar, seeking intervention to bring back the affected Indians.
Telangana MLA Lasya Nanditha died today after the SUV she was travelling in collided with a road divider in Hyderabad.
This though, was the second major accident that the Bharat Rashtra Samithi (BRS) leader was involved in this month.
She was on her way to a rally being addressed by Telangana Chief Minister Revanth Reddy when a drunk driver rammed into her vehicle.
Today's fatal accident occurred when the driver of her vehicle, a Maruti XL6, lost control and crashed into the metal divider on the Outer Ring Road in Hyderabad.
The 37-year-old first-time legislator from Secunderabad Cantonment (SC) was shifted to a hospital where the doctors declared her dead on arrival.
Born in 1986 in Hyderabad, Lasya Nanditha made her foray into politics around a decade ago.
Expressing grief over the tragic death of Lasya Nandita, Revanth Reddy recalled his close association with her late father G Sayanna.
External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar on Friday said arriving at an equilibrium and maintaining it is going to be one of the "biggest challenges" for India-China ties.
Mr Jaishankar said India should be confident enough to "leverage" the international system to create the "best possible outcome".
I think arriving at an equilibrium, then maintaining those and refreshing those is going to be one of the biggest challenges for both countries.
The external affairs minister said "mind games" will be played which would be that it is "just between the two of us".
Talking about the two economies, Mr Jaishankar said the Chinese started off "earlier and much more intensively and robustly" than India did.
The IT Ministry is in the process of issuing a notice to Google over “problematic and illegal” responses generated by its AI platform Gemini regarding Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The escalation is symbolic of the tussle between lawmakers and tech companies over the future of safe harbour protections to generative AI platforms like Gemini and ChatGPT.
These rules pertain to basic due diligence that is required of intermediaries like Google to enjoy immunity from third-party content.
Last year, a user had claimed that Gemini – then known as Bard – refused to summarise the article of a conservative outlet as the platform allegedly spreads false information.
The external affairs minister suggested that policies of the West are bringing Russia and China closer.
The question was asked by Michael Fullilove, Executive Director of Lowy Institute, Australia.
The ties between India and Russia remained strong notwithstanding Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine.
India’s import of Russian crude oil has gone up significantly despite increasing disquiet over it in many Western countries.
India has not yet condemned the Russian invasion of Ukraine and it has been maintaining that the crisis must be resolved through diplomacy and dialogue.
In his remarks, Jaishankar also highlighted India’s G20 presidency and how it ensured induction of the African Union as a permanent member of the grouping.
He noted that if the G20 could be expanded, the permanent membership of the UN Security Council can also be increased.
The external affairs minister also highlighted India’s foreign policy priorities including combating terrorism and attempting to ensure inclusive global welfare.